README.md, before:

# PingPong Pebble App
===
This beta Pebble App requires a running [PingPong](https://github.com/keen/pingpong) instance. You will also need a [Keen IO](http://keen.io) account to add your project and read keys.

This app was written as a demo for integrating [Keen IO](http://keen.io) into a Pebble app. It does work, but there are lots of improvements that could be made, and there's a good chance some of the charting math is a little off.

The app lets you browse the different API check's set up in PingPong and see the last 30 minutes of average response times in a small bar graph.

## Installation

Create a new pebble app on [cloudpebble.net](http://www.cloudpebble.net) and choose to make a new pebble.js app. Copy the app.js into the main js file for the app, and add your projectId and readKey from your [PingPong](https://github.com/keen/pingpong) [Keen IO](http://keen.io) collection.

## Contributions

Feel free to use this as a template for another application, or build this out as a cool monitoring tool.

Commit message:

Updated the readme and added an example image.

README.md, after:

# Pingpong Pebble App
This beta Pebble App requires a running [Pingpong](https://github.com/keen/pingpong) instance. You will also need a [Keen IO](http://keen.io) account to add your project and read keys.

This app was written as a demo for integrating [Keen IO](http://keen.io) into a Pebble app. It does work, but there are lots of improvements that could be made, and there's a good chance some of the charting math is a little off.

The app lets you browse the different API check's set up in Pingpong and see the last 30 minutes of average response times in a small bar graph.

![Pingpong Pebble App example](http://github.com/keen/pingpongpebbleapp/img/screen_shot.png)

## Installation

Create a new pebble app on [cloudpebble.net](http://www.cloudpebble.net) and choose to make a new pebble.js app. Copy the app.js into the main js file for the app, and add your projectId and readKey from your [Pingpong](https://github.com/keen/pingpong) [Keen IO](http://keen.io) collection.

## Contributions

Feel free to use this as a template for another application, or build this out as a cool monitoring tool.
